parallel-base KEEP: server/bootstrap/safe-server.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/db.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/db/schema/documentLock.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/middleware/auth.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/middleware/rbac.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/middleware/silo.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/ops/routeRegistry.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/admin/system-settings.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/analytics.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/calendar.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/dashboard.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/dialer.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/health.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/lenders.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/marketing.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/notifications.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/pipeline.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/reports.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/required-docs.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/slf-contacts.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/support.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/tasks.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/twilio-lookup.ts
parallel-base KEEP: server/routes/voice.ts
Quarantine count: 28 files moved
